hello this is go remark to 504 with a
chip trick to join in here what I'm
going to show you today is called the
finger flip oh you're gonna need three
ordinary poker playing chips first ages
hold them hold the chip three chips with
your pointer and thumb okay
just summer hold them slightly just like
a bluff half way like that okay then
what you can do is get your baby finger
pinkie whatever you want to call it the
same hand take them back to don't pull
the back two chips okay the back to okay
just keep practicing this motion just
okay that's the first stage second
stages once you've pulled those two down
okay is to flip the front coin to the
back now this is a looks like okay
that's speed do a bit slower for you so
this very very easy to learn this one
just practicing yeah okay what you can
do it back to the first stage all that
okay listen to dant then use as many
finger use one or two just swing it to
the back yeah just call it and drop it's
very easy to learn okay do it one more
time for you put it down
and drop okay just keep practicing and
practicing and practicing and eventually
you're going to get the street it's a
nice easy one to learn there always
looks good on the poker chip table
alright let's watch him I'm Gregory
Mauck g5o for some more videos we're
coming up soon